Finalise Waldur workflow docs for MLP (#117)
eth-cscs/cscs-docs: docs/accounts/account-create.md

[](){#ref-account-create}
# Creating an account

!!! warning
    The process for creating an account documented here applies only to users who are invited using the new [project and resource management tool][ref-account-waldur] (Waldur).

When the CSCS Account Manager, project PI or Deputy PI invites the users they will receive an invitation email if the invited user has an **existing** CSCS account then the user clicks on the URL from the email and log-in with a username, password, OTP, and accept the invitation **whereas** if the invited user is new then the user needs to follow the step-by-step instructions below to get an account

> The email contains a url that redirects you to the registratin page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The email contains a URL that redirects you to the registration page:
```

![](../images/access/invitation.png)

> Clicking the "Create a new account" button will lead the user to the 2nd step where he needs to provide his personal information as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking the "Create a new account" button will lead the user to the second step where he needs to provide his personal information as shown below:
```

Reviewer: Possibly:
```suggestion
Clicking the "Create a new account" button will lead the user to the 2nd step where they need to provide their personal information as shown below:
```
but that's opening a bigger box of fun. I have no idea what we use elsewhere...

Edit: seems like the rest of the document talks to "you" as the user. I'm not blocking on this, but if you feel like making it consistent, go for it!
